hello my lovelies
and back with this cute yummy DIY 3d
donut smell our tutorial for you guys
where we'll be making the 3d optics yes
on our own I'll be using these acrylic
paints just pick a color of your choice
and dilute it with water you might be
wondering why because we are going to
use this with the regular white flour
and make a dough for 3d look and take a
white flower whichever you have in the
kitchen now put the flour in a plate
here I'm taking one teaspoon and
gradually add the colored water and
start kneading the floor until you get a
nicely colored dough
you can use various color dough for this
look according to your likings for
example this red one which I have
already made with the same process then
pinch a tiny amount of the dough and
roll it like this and then press it
gently to flatten it after that take the
chopstick or other relevant tool to make
a hole in the middle of the dough
since the dough is really soft you want
to be careful while pulling it out any
funny shapes can be fixed by gently
reshaping it with a tool once you are
happy with the size of the donuts on
your nails it's time for decoration here
I'm just taking a flower and dabbing it
as icing just for fun cute right you can
of course be creative as always and mix
colors to get your own custom colors for
glazing your Donuts it's easier to pick
up the donut with a diptych while
glazing the donuts lightly hold the
donor with the tool so that it's not
wobbly you can also make a wide donut
and decorate it with chocolate toppings
like this or with several colorful dots
whichever you like there are lots of
variations to choose from once
everything is done just let it dry for
two to three hours before using it so
while it is drying let's prepare our
nails always start with a base coat to
protect your nails this is optional but
I'm using three coats of nail thickener
for this nail line uh thumb nail create
a random strokes of straight lines
halfway through the nails
design those whispering yells to paint
to coat of hostile colors of your choice
on your index nails followed by a baby
pink polish a middle and pinky nails
once the mini doughnuts are dry keep a
nail glue handy starting from pinky
nails apply the nail pool of your nails
and place the doughnut and press it
gently so that it's glued properly on
your nail moving on to summon ring nails
apply the DHR topcoat halfway through
the nails then taking another doughnut
places according to your likings and I
skip this doughnut design on my ring
nail a middle nails it is super easy to
make
sprinkles by using blue red and yellow
colors randomly on your nails on index
nails apply the glitter starting from
the top and dragging each side then
place the doughnut like shown here now
you can apply a matte topcoat for a
matte finish or a regular topcoat for
closet finish whichever you prefer it is
very important that you seal the donuts
with topcoat so that it becomes
waterproof making sure the size of the
doughnut are nicely see and that's
pretty much of it now you can step out
and wow your friends with a kawaii 3d
nail art that looks super cute yummy and
sophisticated if you guys liked this
tutorial please like and share this
video to your besties also if you want
me to do more DIY 3d nail arts please
let me know in the comment section below
till then I'll see you next time bye